1.Create “Hello World” application. That will display “Hello World” in the middle of the  
screen in the emulator. Also display “Hello World” in the middle of the screen in the  
Android Phone.  
2. Create an application with three buttons (increment, decrement and reset) and a textView  
aligned vertically. On clicking, increment/decrement button, the value of the textview  
should increment/decrement by 1while selecting reset button, the value of textview  
should become zero. 
3. Create an application with login module. (Check username and password).  
4. Create spinner with strings taken from resource folder (res >> value folder) and on  
changing the spinner value, Image will change.  
5. Create a menu with 5 options and selected option should appear in text box.  
6. Create a list of all courses in your college and on selecting a particular course teacher-in￾charge of that course should appear at the bottom of the screen.  
7. Create an application with three option buttons, on selecting a button colour of the screen  
will change.  
8. Create an application to display various activity life cycle and fragment life cycle  
methods.  
9. Create an application with 2 fragments, one to set the background and other to set the  
fore-color of the text. 
10. Create an application with an activity having EditText and a button (with name “Send”).  
On clicking Send button, make use of implicit intent that uses a Send Action and let user  
select app from app chooser and navigate to that application. 
11. Create a Login application. On successful login, use explicit intent to second activity  
displaying welcome message (Welcome Username) to the user and a logout button. When  
user presses logout button, a dialog box with a message (“Are you sure you want to exit?”)  
and two buttons (“Yes” and “No”) should appear to confirm logout. On “Yes” button click,  
go to login activity and on “No”, stay on the same activity. 
12. Create an application for Broadcast sender and receivers. 
13. Create an application to create notification having icon, text and title.
14.Create an application to create services. 
15. Create an application to Create, Insert, update, Delete and retrieve operation on the  
database.
